hi guys welcome to my tutorial I'm
showing you how to recreate a pinup
inspired suicide roll this is super easy
to recreate and gives your hair an
instant vintage feel I love it you won't
get away with my graphics please get
there to subscribe to my channel and
click here for more pinup styles and if
you could click the like button even
really make me smile now I saw this
style
last week on animatronic from the
scissor sisters and she really just
rocked it so much so I wanted to copy
her and to start off with you're gonna
need to take the front section of your
hair from the top of your head forward
to each corner of your forehead I'm
using just a teasing brush in the
teasing brush / section my hair off
parting doesn't have to be super
straight but some of it will be on the
show so it depends how kind of how smart
you want to look so just section off
that front section of hair it's a lot
more than just your fringe or your bangs
it starts from the top of your head you
really need quite a lot of hair and
quite a lot of volume for this style so
get that section front section of hair
and tie the rest of your hair back so it
doesn't get in the way this style
requires lots of volume so we're going
to tease this front of section pretty
much to within an inch of its life and
previously I would have done this with
just a rat tail comb on my normal hair
brush but about three weeks ago I bought
a actual teasing brush and I've had
tempered hair ever since girls if you
haven't got one get one you've probably
got one already and I'm just way behind
the times but uh it makes such a
difference just unbelievable so if
you're going to be doing these Styles
and get a teasing brush it's well worth
the money so I'm just gonna spray each
small section working from the back to
the front about one inch section at the
time spraying at the roots and then back
combing those roots really makes the
style much easier to to achieve if
you've got that poofy volume of hair so
once you've finished back combing
through this section of hair you're
going to decide what size you want your
swirl on and mine
right hand side and brush very gently
without getting rid of any of the volume
you've made brush the top layer smooth
and move this whole section of hair over
to the side that you want it to be on
I've just done a little twist there as
you can see and it's made a pocket for
my swirl to go into you can - yeah it's
kind of a dry pink curl with your hair
at the side of your head that will fit
in this little pocket you've made this
isn't gonna sound great now but once you
do it you'll see what I mean and
previously it should have told you this
Tom - my hair so it has got a bend in it
you know it's not essential but it does
help fix with bobby pins you'll feel
where they need to go I think I need it
too and once we've done that back
combing then you really shouldn't need
too many pins and it's done try and
actually spray the hairspray on your
head or not somewhere else and that will
work it's really really simple I suggest
you give it a go and I probably need to
push my world my swirly well over a bit
better home I'll do for now practice
it's not perfect but I'm not perfect I'm
just gonna accessorize greasy big poppy
on head vintage feel genius